hey everybody welcome back to her online
place with my name as a guide to earth
plus ah we didn't do too badly on
yesterday's day let me through it all
the way on the Delirium fight but that's
that's a matter of principle man I think
I am uploading right now so it is like
wicked slow to try to see how I
performed yesterday I'm tanking down the
leaderboard yesterday though we came
75th 0.84% I was in score thirty two
thousand six hundred and seventy today
it is a Isaac run that goes to mom's
heart it appears just give it a second
here
I'm just hooking more Internet SQL query
to make sure that it returns a brimstone
on the first item room yeah it's an
Isaac run it goes to mom's heart the top
score is fifty one thousand but within
the top ten or so there's like thirty
thousand not thirty thousand people that
would be ridiculous but no also I call
the SQL instead of sequel I apologize I
am still an idiot at heart uh we don't
want Pokeball we don't really want
betrayal either but I don't know why I
didn't I believe I meant least there I
can't really get up to that pee-wee
Herman level paul rubens you know he's
got a higher pitched voice to me he's
also got more first names than me never
really thought about it that way but I
can't deny the truth in the heat of the
moment here
so yesterday I mean we came 75th so I'm
not going to act like yesterday's was
bad but we could have been top fifty if
I just beat delirium and maybe took a
little bit less damage but today's run
there is no chance for delirium so we
are spared from that could be a secret
room there and you know it's no secret
if you've been watching the eyes
together soaps that hasn't been the best
run of form lately what can I say you
know everyone goes through hardships in
their lives and you know I'm not trying
to say that this is like the worst thing
that's ever happened to me but it is
like unconscionable the luck that the
game has given me I mean a lesser man
than myself absolutely would have folded
under the pressure it takes a strong
backbone and intestinal fortitude to be
able to stand up to the kind of
discrimination that Isaac is giving me
right now so I really you know I
appreciate
all your support during this trying time
I'm obviously being a little facetious
I'm hoping but not feelings too likely
we're going to get enough money to go to
the shop here but we could save a key
ride a cowboy by putting a bomb down
he missed okay we can use our last bomb
for that we also like should go but it's
not we don't go immediately so just slow
your roll here because we can also shoot
these we don't need a spear at hardy
epic we might want a spear and art by
the end of the the floor depending on
how things look but if we can get a
great item by blowing up our shopkeeper
that might be better right it's tough
it's tough because hive mind is like
pretty solid especially if we were ever
to get guppy but I think I'm without a
spear and our being in there I'm just
going to accept that like 12 cents is
pretty sweet
we bought a card it wasn't really very
good but 12 cents allows us to probably
buy something from our next floor we got
a spear oh darn anyway and it allows us
to have a chance at getting a and
getting a an arcade so I think that this
is really the right idea and if we are
going to mom's heart we do have like the
problem that I always have on dailies or
trying to find a seam however we don't
have to find that seam until the womb if
we can afford to and then we really are
only missing out on one floor if we
missed this even that's Sheol of course
the show as a self-sacrifice room then
you know things are different but you
gotta keep this you take it you take it
okay that sucks you take it it's
irrelevant you take it don't Nine Lives
excellent item amazing item tears down
pretty horrible honestly All Things
Considered had to play chicken there a
little bit we like desperately it's
unfortunate really that we got that
tears upgrade there sorry tears down
Gregg's we're really in a situation
where if I take damage too much on this
floor will come
my deal with the devil compromising the
deal with the devil unravels the whole
run you know the moral fiber of this
issac episode in which we you know
murder our own mother at the end of it
it's all going to come unraveled it's
not okay that was a good guess and it
worked out we do only have one key right
now but we've got 26 cents and that's
pretty solid as well we got 26 cents now
we have three spirit arts and we had
that some extra consumables as well so I
would like to go to whatever room does
not have a chance to border the secret
room if in doubt always go to the shop
especially if you've got enough money to
buy an item and the key or we get a hope
for another key to drop right now and
it's exactly what happened in the end
angry fly is not good enough s placebo
is good enough although I'm not fully
convinced of its greatness
I do accept it as a valid and valued
part of our Isaac ecosystem right now if
we don't get damage upgrades explosivo
is going to be like you know a dream
come true
the problem with Expos Evo is that we
get better expose evoke gets worse
because the could it be that's my
defense mechanism that's my safe word is
I just started singing men at work songs
you could be good pretty good be good
I'm cutting into our battlegrounds
episodes for this week so that's my bed
trying to say what are the other ones
no overkill covered in battlegrounds
didn't really cover the story of dr.
heckle and mr. jive in battlegrounds
anyway see I'm in my safe spot now I'm
talking about 1980s bands people think
are one-hit wonders but actually had
like at least five bangers which is
pretty good it's like being an NHL you
know first-round draft pick you know
like thirty percent of them end up going
on to play more than 100 games in the
NHL or something like that so five
bangers that's a pretty good track
record as far as I'm concerned so I mean
er flies it's great item red candles
great item but we don't really want to
take it I think even though our damage
is bad I'm relying on us being able to
get out of this but if this floors boss
fight doesn't have anything incredible
we might feel slightly differently not
boss fight but deal with the devil
mostly so I did try to buy myself an
extra you know ten seconds or so by
killing pin with a single bomb I don't
want to drop anymore because we might
need them we haven't found a secret room
on this floor for example but I want to
see what the see what the devil is then
we'll use our rerolls appropriately like
that deserves to be rear old the shovel
I'm going to take a gamble and I'm going
to reroll the shovel and it became the
razor blade which is no good but well
not good for us at least but I will also
accept that this was stupid and I should
not have done this you should have stuck
with the shovel but I mean you buy this
for 15 cents then you pick up one of
everything but something's wrong balm
temperance card and then the Bible but
then on top of the Bible we got this
extra d6 that should reroll everything
right and then we get there's options
get box of friends which you can't do
anything with I really am the hesitant
to go look for a secret room but we
should if we can somehow get you know
another penny which is what we just got
we can now get none sabot which is
excellent now is this all worth it I
don't know we gave up our seem but I
gave up my scene because we don't need
the scene for like a little while we
will take the temperance card though we
don't need to seem for a little while so
I'm hoping that the shovel ends up being
irrelevant so why even take why even
take the shovel to begin with then I
want to deal with the devil president to
be honest with you so on curse of the
labyrinth which is actually like a
pretty good blessing for us here because
I want to go faster and an excel floor
is going to allow us to do that honestly
if you had told me at the start the
situations that would have presented
themselves I think I would have made the
same decisions I might have reer old a
silver taking the shovel I think but I
might have rear old
mom's panties instead of instead of
reroll in the shovel because the
razorblade functionally gives us nothing
as does mom's panties that we could have
rear old the panties instead so we're
like it's going to be slow just accept
that and your life will be a little
easier here we're dealing with base
damage with a diminished rate of fire
the big thing that's good for us I mean
we should have shot the poops I guess
but the big thing that's good for us
right now is the fact that we have x+
Evo so if we land 1x placebo shot most
enemies will die but this floor it's
like non-negotiable we have to improve
ourselves and of course now because we
said no to a the scene that was given
which is like a number one lesson like
do not do that however you know rules
are made to be broken that's an
expression I don't understand I can't
think of - my honest the estimation I
can't think of a single rule that was
made to be broken
like we'd probably want to reroll that
celtic cross is less worthy of a reroll
so yeah let's let's go for this one
first
so Aquarius is not that good
I mean I'm leaving Celtic Cross as well
because that could be worthy of a reroll
I'm going to endeavor to not get to hit
that much but yet like I can't think of
a single rule that's made to be broken
you know there are rules maybe it's not
that this rule was made with the
intention that people break it maybe
it's that you know the only reason you
can break the rule is because there's a
rule in the first place because I was
thinking of like speeding you know
speeding is a rule that in my opinion is
not made to be broken are there
situations in which it's sensible to
break it yeah you know it's like your
wife's going into labor you get on the
highway and people are going mad slow
goes of speed
don't let me stop you man you know even
as I say that I know there's gonna be
some people out there that are gonna be
like well you should gun in the color
twenty minutes earlier you know things
happen okay I'm not I needed to find out
who killed Laura Palmer I'm going to
blow this up we don't need to be out of
this floor until 13 minutes dude that
was a great value unexpectedly so we're
still kind of like I mean with low speed
not amazing damage Aquarius
it almost is like calling to me like hey
I'll kill Lyla Sue's guys for you and
I'm like no you you succubus I will not
take you Aquarius this is not your time
to shine so we got to like really amp up
these rerolls
we're not yet in a dire spot for like
missing boss rush that was pretty bad
but we could be pretty easily to be
straight up with you like if we leave
this floor in 15 minutes and we have two
full-length floors to go to and we don't
get a deal with the devil which is like
the most likely outcome right now that's
not a good situation for us kidney stone
is like not good but we have to
compromise at some point a kidney stone
is also speed down right so I'm an idiot
it makes perfect sense the kidney stone
as it tears down I just always forget
and that's a Celtic Cross because I felt
like we were you know running out of
time here okay probably you know a Dodge
you don't like to have to make on 0.8
speed but we're good
recognize I did leave a bomb back there
you know on a daily you got to make
sacrifices to get where you're going in
time I wish it weren't so but let's like
in order of what we need the most right
now for God's sakes
some freaking tears up graves speed
upgrades and damage upgrades started at
first I was like this is a pretty good
run why why are all the other idiots who
normally beat the pants
solve me doing so bad today and then you
go you know one floor deeper and you go
home
enemies have more HP right now and it's
not quite as easy as it originally
looked huh
we're not so different you and I expose
evil gets hard countered pretty hard by
you know enemy spawners so it's annoying
but is being done I don't know how many
times I shot that dude the best of my
knowledge there I shot him a million
times and he did not die that seems
unreasonable to me I'm just you know
just one man's opinion it's a really
perfect time to get a golden key all
right big Hornets it's the rule of the
is the rule of there's got to be a good
name for it here rule of threes already
taken you know it's it's the rule that's
made to be Big Horn broken now this is
look brains broken coffee might not have
quite hit the bloodstream yet the rule
is if you have bad damage you're going
to fight Bighorn it's just science
trust me among all the people listening
to this I'm the one who is the most
wishes that that weren't true I also
should like really stop walking into
Bighorn he counters the Christ out of
Expo steve-o to itself what can you do
what can you do I hate it okay this is
where we you know we decide whether or
not we're going to be good at video
games because like this is a big pivotal
moment for us stop walking into X
placebo that's like a very important
first part of this healing process here
and then you know it's big a horn you
know you drop a bomb against him when
he's got his mouth open and life's
better okay we screwed our deal with the
devil but I don't know when his mouth is
open by the way his mouth is open
everyone always goes he'll just drop a
bomb against them whose mouth is open
for approximately you know one
millisecond every 35 millennia excuse me
will any he's done it he's done it
toothpicks has to be done HP means
nothing to us right now and I mean even
the stain is not like an automatic win
here
I will admit you know 11% chance of a
deal with the devil it's got me thinking
so maybe there's a chance what I called
it by the way 15 minutes to make it to
through oh my god
to make it to freakin boss rush never
should have taken kidney stone dude it's
like get for having like pet items room
kidney stones not quite as bad as the
mean internet makes it seem then it
rewards me for my service with a speed
downgrade a bunch of freaking explosivo
shots launched against enemies that go
under the ground like we have done no
damage to this guy we got to hit him
like he's got to eat it that's the thing
Nicholas I'm your best friend in this
universe but I could be your angle or
your devil why why do this and then it's
a stain that doesn't even shoot so the
expo steve-o shots don't even work oh
mylanta okay you know what though still
got eleven percent chance in a way it
might even be better than beating the
boss after getting hit once although it
is going to cost us infinity time so I'm
just going to go ahead and say it boss
rush is very very unlikely here that's
how you do it what the surrogate shots
did not make it you don't understand
this is nonsensical
like the expo steve-o shots will not
explode on the same it's like he's
engineered to counter my run right now
this is hell hell has a name and it's
freaking John Daly the host of The Daily
Show oh my god
ok ok ok ok ok ok ok forget everything
you thought you knew about this run
we're not going to fight the boss right
now because I hate him and I need bombs
it's the worst thing on planet earth but
is it is what it is so here's I'm a
smart boy check this out
ok good good work team the magician
doesn't do anything for us stem cells
for regen see we don't have a bomb it's
kind of a problem here so we're
definitely going to die on the way out I
thought we'd get a bomb there is the
thing all right that happens I'm not
really worried about this life case
that's not abundantly clear what we're
going to do is take every available
advantage to improve our stats on this
run so we're going to go to all these
stupid freakin bonus rooms over here
we're going to say goodbye to boss rush
in a way I almost think that this is a
very advanced level daily because you
have to say well I have to say goodbye
to boss rush right away goodbye boss
rush there's just no chance and for us
to get an Excel floor not be able to
make it as hilarious but did we get is
it all the tiers downgrade and kidney
stone that's like compromising this I
don't think so dude I just think like I
mean the 0.8 speed admittedly doesn't
help
you know if you ever want to figure out
what items you absolutely hate try being
forced to use the money well that's not
I did have the deep-six but try picking
them up on a on a run in which you
basically compulsively
compulsively have to beat the mom fight
within 20 minutes you'll figure out what
items are your friends and which ones
aren't pretty freakin quick I promise
you this so we got 20 cents to be we
bought mom's key from our shop so our
shop is like is juice there's nothing
else we can pick up maybe we can get a
spirit arm maybe there's a card or
something but speaking of which we do
have a temperance card somewhere did I
leave it over the spikes that seems like
something I could do but this I don't
know maybe like once everyday now all
the golden bombs are godlike thank you
once every day now I have a run in which
we're on the third to fourth floor and I
find myself being like hey there's like
literally no extra damage here so what's
what gives where's the cream filling and
then they say you can't handle my cream
filling traveler my cream filling would
put even the most sweet tooth man in the
grave much less a savory boy like you
he's like you know what I think I'll
hang out indefinitely above ground oh
wait you have X plus evil ok sorry what
I meant to say is like I'm going to drop
immediately what what he touched a red
poop
he's done it he's done it
give me the I need the deal give me the
deal he didn't get the deal but he got
two different kinds of speed upgrades
absolutely all right okay one point for
speed like our long national nightmare
is over
screw it dude you know what I have the
best luck on these dailies when I just
embrace the madness when I say you know
how's Annie and I just go full-on like
the hard Jesus I do hate this daily but
that's you know in a way it's nice to
know where you stand with it daily
because often times I find myself being
all wishy-washy oh how do I feel oh well
I could have I made some mistakes let's
turn the lens of criticism inward you
know what screw that dude let's turn the
lens of criticism outward fudge today's
daily that's right I said it
now that we've embraced the dark side
let's get nonsensical on these enemies
here so the game plan for this floor it
doesn't get any simpler than this it's
literally the game plan every time thank
you thank you get a deal with the devil
and for god sakes
please get it tears or damage upgrade oh
I can tell you where the seam is on
today's daily 9 not in terms of making
it to the mom fight or sorry the the
Sheol area maybe like you know getting a
shovel that's the obvious scene the
others seem in terms of like getting
more damage is being more aggressive
with your rerolls Celtic Cross not a bad
item occasional invincibility has helped
me out a little bit but kidney stone was
the wrong choice I would have been 10
times better off just sticking with
aquarium to be straight with you so
and by aquarium I mean Aquarius but now
we're free in a way you know if it takes
us 40 minutes to beat mom's heart it
takes us 40 minutes to be mom's heart
what do we care if we can get
invincibility not invincibility but a
holy mantle from our trinket you're done
you can't do anything you dusted you
have to and then you can reroll that oh
mylanta
okay look of revelations take this I
think this could be a secret room it's
worth trying it's not let's go get
ourselves something better so our range
should be bad but do keep in mind we did
get a mom's panties earlier which I was
not happy about but now you know that
could change see you later
we do still want to re-roll Book of
Revelations but it existing is pretty
good 36 percent chance of deal with the
devil the 36 percent chance is because
we did oh my god it's the only thing
that makes sense for this daily is to
give us 18 lives so I accept fully that
this is this is our lot in life yeah
there it is our 18th life sure dude why
not my name is number 9 and 18 live
sadly because of relatively poor
performance we're on 14 lives here every
role this thank you for the double item
room by the way none of this helps us
from a damage standpoint but I'm making
the decision to take this and I think
that the mind is a terrible thing to
waste no it's just a great item to begin
with because this run is not a daily
anymore this is a run about survival and
the mind is a surviving focused item
it's a survivor it's not going to give
up its guns it's not going to stop it's
going to work harder it's a survivor
it's going to make it it's going to
thrive and keep on surviving Destiny's
Child a band that survived long enough
to put out
albums then one of its members
catapulted into mega stardom left
everybody else behind um well that's not
fair Kelly Rowland did do dilemma with
Nelly um give it go for rerolls here
just not quite good enough like this
guy's okay let's not spend any more
money spend bombs instead where we got
sharp plug I know we don't have the
money for but we could get the money if
we need to none of this is worth it
maybe the three cent spear at heart so
I'll grab that I have no idea by the way
what are like upper maximum four scores
today could be and that's not just like
you know seeding some absurdity I
actually that was really dumb I actually
have no clue where we stand
seems like we'll be at like 10,000 when
we go down to the next floor that's
pretty low with no boss rush chance I
don't know we could finish today and
like the twenty five thousand if we're
if we're a little on the lucky side
maybe I have never had a run in which I
hated X plus Evo this much never in my
life have I said oh X plus Evo you know
the big problem with that is you run
into your bombs all the time and I'll
take half the blame for that but the
other half might be they were on the
Deaf's one we have three point five zero
damage and we have a four rate of fire
after taking number one so we that's
fair
oh well you go I don't know you go to
the orbital you go for the spirit
Ottoman tears upgrading its go for this
here's upgrades we probably which is
raised our rate of fire fire into my
hands and cominius clearance like what
in the world dude
pacifier plus number one is it tears
down grade I'm learning new things every
day all this is it this is our guppy
moment you know please somehow reroll
into a guy yeah it wouldn't really make
sense no I can't like sure I'm trying to
be an absurd boy but there's like
there's no case where that makes sense
let's not be ridiculous
riddle him with X placebo shots hope he
doesn't leave no even many jumps he gets
to take care of them must be nice so
there's going to be like a 32 minute
boss rush attempt we do still have a
chance of boss rush with which I should
have mentioned because it actually is
nonzero we have money we have a shop and
we have the d6 that means we could get
mama mega and like basically backdoor
into I don't want to blow the Temperance
here we could basically backdoor into
like the luckiest fonts rush of all time
we can get your hopes up too much but
there is a chance sure still it's okay
luck up sure
yeah we've been pretty lucky so far so
and want to throw a monkey wrench into
that um just give me blood bag just give
me blood bag there we go
funny-looking blood bag but we're one
guppy item away from becoming guppy if
we become guppy effectively I think
we've made every wrong decision on this
run maybe because we should we should
have had a hive mind but I don't know
what do we care about killing rooms
quickly now as long as we can beat the
run which is actually still in question
but if we can beat the run it doesn't
matter if we have hive mind because
we're not making boss rush anyway
although boss rush is going to be a lot
harder to kill with a junk run but if we
become guppy then we don't have to worry
about having a junk or you see what I
mean like complicated situation if we
take this we can go into our deal with
the devil but her sorry our curse room
but it will compromise our deal with the
devil so this is good this is good
a kick it was temporarily good it was
good for about two and a half seconds
and now we've returned to a life of pain
so like oh that was a TBS show that's
right house of pain one of my personal
favorites that shows not you know
on the air anymore that's what I was
going to say uh please just let me get
let me get the deal with the devil at
some point the run leaves my
jurisdiction if we got borderline based
stats by the depths one I'm just a
vessel for anguish to flow through this
is good good enough at least and if
we're not doing very much damage like a
static damage dealer like this is really
nice so I'm very very thankful for this
however we do need to you know start
busting skulls as well hopefully this
synergizes with ex placebo and we can
just get a poison chain going I'm losing
my mind dude I can't believe that I had
the option to get an orbital an item I
love but I said nah
we broke the tears cap let's go for the
the tears upgrade and it ended up being
appears downgrade like the level of
indignity there is is outrageous to me
can't really take advantage of that okay
so I mean obvious steps I think we have
to go to our curse room because we're
one item away from becoming guppy
technically we had three guppy items but
I digress I think we got to look for
blood bag you know one HP means very
little to me if we can get to two that's
worth a lot but half versus one is like
irrelevant okay what if though what if
that's fair it doubled our damage but
more than doubled our rate of fire sure
I mean at this point I don't know what
I've come to expect why did I take it
honestly because I thought maybe our
tears cap was so busted that this would
somehow help us out but really enough
looking at this I'm like our stats don't
seem as bad filtered through this lens
we're like surprisingly not that behind
the times point wise in every other
category that has ever been invented to
measure anything we're not killing it
would be a polite way to put it but
specifically with respect to our points
we're not like grossly under what you
might expect to be added at this point
on a run it's a bad score but it's not
necessarily a bad score for a terrible
run we got to try to snag some HP here
we've still got 100% deal with the devil
chance so yeah that's a range plus luck
so that's actually worth thinking about
because our range is not great and luck
is usually nice it's worth going for I
think we don't really want batwing it's
pretty good but we don't need it right
now
credit card so free deal with the devil
right now that's the winner because we
could use our HP although we in a way we
almost have unlimited HP for deals of
the devil because our HP is so low you
know so where does that sound so we do
want crystal ball and we got a sphere at
heart which is nice and then we will
rear ol crystal beau Scorpio anything to
deal damage over time my thinking was
hopefully we can go get a battery charge
there's no battery charge I'm not
sweating it too much to be honest with
you let's take this luck upgrade is nice
the range upgrade is something
we'll probably get a hit here I hope we
don't get hit five times and get a
reroll that'd be a little embarrassing
we need to wait for the foot perfect
timing
there we go I mean X placebos never
going to land on the foot it's never
going to land on anything on this fight
so Oh get your hopes up too much
honestly it matters approximately
negative right that's pretty bad it
matters negative a million percent that
I gave up on boss rush because this run
hold up this run had no Avenue for boss
rush to exist nicely done we're fighting
mam 32 minutes in the only Avenue was
those item rooms I think on the on the
caves XL let's go let's go she's poison
okay I mean we don't have reroll so we
take the Polaroid no I mean sure I'll
tell you what I'll take sister Maggie
because again our HP is irrelevant right
now and save the credit card for a
future floor I certainly don't want to
get a free sister Maggie that seems
idiotic so the game plan here is very
simple again we have holy mantle so we
enter this room to try to become guppy
because that's one of the few avenues
for ultimate success for us
that was a good time to not get hit so
I'm still like optimistic about our
ability to win today's run I have no
clue what our score is going to be but I
think it's clear that you know whatever
we messed up we at least noticed that we
messed it up and we compromised you know
we weren't going out there in a 1988
Dodge shadow and going I'm gonna win the
Daytona 500 we got to the starting line
remember like whoa you know Lamborghini
huh I'm just going to go to the grocery
store instead and then all we can do in
life is sometimes try to turn the
Daytona 500 into a good grocery trip you
know sometimes you're writing an exam
you think you prepared well for it and
then you know first ten questions you go
I don't know the answer to any of these
you just got to enter damage control
Papa Papa he's going to die anyway nice
okay we definitely want to go here 33%
deal with the devil chance is not
terrible I think I'm going to spend a
bomb to try to get to our boss fight
faster because the boss fight has
guaranteed items dude no combat is my
jam the boss fight has guaranteed item
items because of there's options at
least we got a tinted rock out of it you
know as far as I'm concerned we broke
even let's go try acted not the easiest
boss fight there's damage that's tough
to avoid sometimes but he's staying
still explosive Oh wolves run buck wild
on them
let's go let's go let's go let's
continue to go and then let's finish
going there's no earthly way of knowing
oK we've done it no deal with the devil
we're going straight for damage okay so
this is an awkward moment to be in not
like Lou the server said enjoy your food
and I said you too am I ever going to
get laid you know like but more awkward
in the sense that it's a little finicky
here you know awkward in like trying to
fit two LEGO pieces together but one of
them is actually a mega block so the way
that we have to find a seam now is we
get an eihwaz room obviously but that's
pretty low percentage or we find a
self-sacrificing room on the next floor
which is actually higher percentage but
we don't have a ton of HP what we do
have are a ton of lives I don't know if
I would wish a run like that on my worst
enemy where we go down to the lamb fight
with you know relatively bad stats and
then one HP that seems like a recipe for
like actual misery and then Am's matters
sometimes I really do wonder what our
neighbors think of this but they want me
to stop singing out a key they should
stop playing the bongos at 3:00 a.m.
okay we don't have anything to do with
that that was two weeks ago I've changed
since then I that's add damage hurts me
okay grab this two rooms left on this
floor uh I feel like we've gained zero
points on this floor basically broken
even but by getting through this floor
we get to get the points that we would
get for going down to the next floor so
you know like you gotta get a couple of
omelets to make an egg if you know what
I mean uh let's go still got a credit
card still hoping it works
I still think even if we don't get the
used credit card I like this strategy
more than using the credit card to pick
up sister Maggie which would have you
know made me feel like basically a piece
of garbage This Is It this is our goofy
moment we've suffered for 36 minutes
should I open the other one first but it
did turn out to not matter um I don't
know this is where we get in the like
advanced you know or go Isaac's stop at
this point like is it better it's not
like we can get a reroll without leaving
this room anyway even if we get hit you
know we will charge up thanks to none
tab but we're not going to be able to
charge up before we die all the way at
least so we need to like a battery
charge to drop it are we going to
compromise the item pool by leaving the
room to re-roll it later because I mean
little Stephen is sadly somewhat useful
for us because our own damage is not
that good right now but certainly there
are better items you can get from a red
chest that would like you know help us
out a lot more right now but we'll love
I guess we'll cross that bridge when we
come to it I do see eye or I saw I
should say on the map Rosalie close that
there is a there's no self-sacrifice
room but there is a dice room a one-room
could mercifully give us like two rooms
of being good before the runs over a
five room could reroll the floor but
allowing us to go back down to it and
actually lead to lead to a
self-sacrifice room which would be nice
and then of course a curse room could
just have guppy so this floor is kind of
like it's a bounty of riches
it was not a good use of the holy mantle
but we must get it back like either
after X number of rooms with this
trinket or just like randomly with this
trinket and then we preserve it until
it's gone I think so we've got golden
keys we have to go nuts here you want to
get nuts let's get nuts okay go ahead
with credit card I think you go for it I
don't know what you're looking for but
we can get a free deal with the devil
item on our final room we have to give
it a shot I have to know we are killing
things not slowly anymore not quickly
would never say that this is a you know
an unbelievably strong run luckily our
hitbox is bigger than his are you
smaller than his our tears are bigger
than his I should say and it is a
three-room so we rolled all consumables
on the ground so what you do here I
suppose is go okay well I mean you got
the emperor card there could use the
emperor card to get out of the curse
room it's a bad time for kidney stones
the emperor card to get out of the curse
room fight the boss and get ready to
reroll everything on the ground it's
fairly sensible as much as I hate to
admit it because it's kind of finicky
you shouldn't be picking up Keys at this
point yeah alright so here's how we eat
a few extra points out of this and
hopefully get ourselves into the top
thousand
not the curse room I'm looking for if
we're going in here to save HP we should
not fight demon judgment and buy fight I
mean try to come to a business
arrangement with business is just money
fighting if I've learned anything from
years of international high profile
business business is just like fighting
with money we lost the credit card
that's hilarious
but we couldn't have used it anyway
that's even more hilarious okay he's got
to get dusted that's the thing he's got
to go we've done it we've done it we
still have a couple of rooms to fight
here so you know who are babylons got a
purpose
I don't think there's any way I mean
right now we're looking for an a laser
this is going to be like a 20 mm point
run there are some situations in which
we have more points than that when we
leave boss rush well then there might be
a slight exaggeration so this is not
indicative necessarily of poor play I
think poor play has come out of bad
decisions on this one I don't know
though like I think that this is not one
that has an obvious line you know the
obvious line is when your item room just
contains 20 20 unlike your third floor
and you go okay well you're going to
have to mess things up pretty good too
to screw yourself on this one so we're
looking for a woz we got to go to every
single no we don't have to go to every
single room we can just look I do see
some cards cards are runes on the maps
so this is really our only chance for it
on end chess set suppose there's no more
chests though it's not a rune it's the
Emperor card all right well that's
today's daily twenty one thousand eight
ninety I got a no I got a no read calm
flesh on flesh Binding of Isaac give me
a second here go to Isaac daily bots
click on the button and x plus c votes
this is a top comment and x + c bow to
the never pick up on dailies list yes
you can kill bosses a little bit faster
but normal room clearing takes forever
also gluttony drops a tears down grade
ii reroll on x placebo gives money
equals power
oh i see game no natural damage upgrade
saving a rear old causes you to lose
them for the shovel tanky as all hell
bosses and small room cramp it's the
only way to win is to do rooms in
exactly the right order or play badly to
get rewarded later on screw you to alt
f4
after birth guppy on basement - oh
that's like the non afterbirth plus run
be me playing Isaac daily C
self-sacrifice room on b1 oh cool I'll
get an item to re-roll keep using it
half hard left when the angel comes up
immediately kills me
101 17 final score wait 101 seven final
score 10 17 all right apparently in the
crawl space there's a three dollar bill
and if you reroll explosivo you get
money equals power so that's the seam oh
well we tried I think we did okay we
didn't over commit to boss rush which
makes this a mild success at least like
as a you tried sort of like metal thing
but for now thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed the episode of ridiculous idea
of course describe you wanna see more in
the future but for now thanks for
watching and I will see you next time